feat: add a script to disseminate honey tokens in the users VCSs repositories (#13)
GitGuardian/ggtools: honey-token-tools/README.md

> # Disseminate honey tokens

Reviewer: You should use the `honeytoken` wording (in one word)

This purpose of this script is to create pull request to the repositories, which will contain the commits with the
honey tokens inserted in the code. 

In order to use the script, you will need an access token of you GitGuardian account and an access token
of the VCS which hosts your repositories.

### Quick start

> Creating a pull request to a GitHub repository `Example/test`:

Author: such example is just below in GitHub section. For ids, it will be for other VCSs so I'll add later

```

>  disseminate_honeytokens.py --vcs github --repo-names Example/test --vcs_token GITHUB_TOKEN --gitguardian_token GITGUARDIAN_TOKEN 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
disseminate_honeytokens.py --vcs github --repo-names Example/test --vcs_token GITHUB_TOKEN --gitguardian_token GITGUARDIAN_TOKEN 
```

```

## Honey Token generation

### What is Honey Token

> Honey tokens are the real secrets that could be planted in the code. If the attacker has access to the code and will 

Reviewer 3: +1 on this, we need consistency throughout the readme and the script 🙏 

We should use: 
- Honeytoken (with capital H) for the name of the module
- honeytoken(s) (no space, no capital in general) if we're talking about the actual honeytokens / the keys.

try to use the secret, GitGuardian will be able to detect this event and notify you. You can see more details about Honey
Tokens [here](https://www.gitguardian.com/honeytoken).

In order to generate a Honey Token and the plausible code where this Honey Token will be planted, we will use 
[GitGuardian API](https://api.gitguardian.com/docs#tag/Honeytokens/operation/create-honeytoken-with-context).

To use GitGuardian API, you will need an account and a [Personal access token](https://docs.gitguardian.com/api-docs/personal-access-tokens).

You can use environment variable `GITGUARDIAN_TOKEN` to provide your personal access token or provide it as a script 

> parameter. If you use GitGuardian Enterprise version, you will also need to specify url of your GitGuardian

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
parameter. If you use GitGuardian Enterprise Self-Hosted, you will also need to specify url of your GitGuardian
```

instance via environment variable `GITGUARDIAN_URL` or as a script parameter.

```
disseminate_honeytokens.py [--gitguardian_url GITGUARDIAN_URL] [--gitguardian_token GITGUARDIAN_TOKEN] 
```

## VCS Integrations

> This script can crete pull request to one of the following VCSs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This script can create pull requests to one of the following VCS:
```

- GitHub
- GitHub Enterprise

## GitHub or GitHub enterprise

You will need to create a [GitHub Personal Access Token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens).
Make sure that you give the token write permissions on the repository where you want to disseminate honey tokens.

> You can use environment variable `VCS_URL` to provide your personal access token or provide it as a script 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use environment variable `VCS_TOKEN` to provide your personal access token or provide it as a script 
```
